you do a lot of damage dug deep down to
those Mickey Mouse Club roots I mean
that paid off in a big way on this
particular film
oddly enough I thought my background in
90s hip-hop would help mm-hmm
it doesn't translate just off shoo and
do you feel like now when you go to a
wedding or something you'll be a star on
the dance floor you'll have you know
you'll be great I forget everything you
already forgotten everything as we did
it we uh you know you I emptied out my
brain and had to like program it with
what else was coming up next you know
that's it so not really it's gone it's
gone yeah well it was not really worth a
whole lot was it I gal listen you don't
you don't remember any of the dancing at
all no I mean I remember it you know
maybe the waltzing mm-hmm that's pretty
easy okay all right I'll remember the
tap-dancing is the waltzing easy I think
I know where this is going
would you like a good are you
asking me to show you how to walk I
guess I am
throw us out of walls I only know the
guy part so that position well I don't
know either part so it doesn't make it
much of a difference all right just I
need hello um Beyonc I want to say one
thing if you feel anything it's just a
cigarette all right let me get a look at
you arrival early ambience okay okay
it's a music wait so I'm like Emma Stone
in this right straighten up alright I
was straight up let me take a look at
you okay well we need some rock can we
do it I have some romantic music I mean
that wasn't Rome a let's get sensitive
man okay all right
I thought I was straighten about your
arms out no all right all right straight
like this
yes sway your back this doesn't feel
like Dan I'm gonna get in there all
right it's a 3-step okay okay next to
you all right so you're gonna go one two
three one two three one two three just
like that Missy
yeah all right with my hand oh god me
take my my forefinger of my thumb are
gonna start talking to your lower back I
need you to lower back to just pay
attention
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't know Stephanie are you looking
at I thought I you dancing with over
there you dancing with me I'm dancing
with you I should be dancing a girl
right yes okay I'm sorry about this it's
about this I want to feel like I'm the
only person in the room she weakly don't
annoy all the people are boring right
now a world melts away just you and I
all right
I'm locked in here all right
[Music]
[Applause]
ryan gosling everybody
I am Tila Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die